# README for the amlproject bucket (gs://amlproject)
_to get access to this folder you need to ask jeremie kalfon jkobject@gmail.com _

__you can find how to access this easily [here](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil_install) (you need to be okay with command line) Else you can copy and paste this url https://console.cloud.google.com/storage/browser/<bucketname> and replace the bucket name with the current bucket__

- RNA
	- IRF2BP2: fastqs for the project
	- RNP: fastqs for the project
- Chip
	- IRF2BP2\_degraded\_rep1
		- bwa/MergedLibrary library-level, coordinate sorted \*.bam files after the marking of duplicates, and filtering based on various criteria. The file suffix for the final filtered files will be \*.mLb.clN.\*. 
			- samtools\_stats/ SAMtools 
				- \*.flagstat, 
				- \*.idxstats and 
				- \*.stats files generated from the alignment files.
			- picard\_metrics/ Alignment QC files from picard CollectMultipleMetrics and the metrics file from MarkDuplicates: 
				- \*\_metrics and 
				- \*.metrics.txt, respectively.
				- pdf/ Alignment QC plot files in \*.pdf format from picard CollectMultipleMetrics.
			- preseq/ Preseq expected future yield file (\*.curve.txt).
			- bigwigs Normalised \*.bigWig files scaled to 1 million mapped reads.
			- macs/<PEAK\_TYPE>/ MACS2 output files: 
				- \*.xls, 
				- \*.broadPeak or \*.narrowPeak, 
				- \*.gappedPeak and 
				- \*summits.bed. The files generated will depend on whether MACS2 has been run in narrowPeak or broadPeak mode. HOMER peak-to-gene annotation file: 
				- \*.annotatePeaks.txt.
				- qc/ QC plots for MACS2 peaks: macs\_peak.plots.pdf QC plots for peak-to-gene feature annotation: macs\_annotatePeaks.plots.pdf MultiQC custom-content files for FRiP score, peak count and peak-to-gene ratios: 
					- \*.FRiP\_mqc.tsv, 
					- \*.count\_mqc.tsv and 
					- macs\_annotatePeaks.summary\_mqc.tsv respectively.
				- consensus/ Consensus peak-set across all samples in 
					- \*.bed format. Consensus peak-set across all samples in 
					- \*.saf format. Required by featureCounts for read quantification. HOMER 
					- \*.annotatePeaks.txt peak-to-gene annotation file for consensus peaks. Spreadsheet representation of consensus peak-set across samples with gene annotation columns: 
					- \*.boolean.annotatePeaks.txt. The columns from individual peak files are included in this file along with the ability to filter peaks based on their presence or absence in multiple replicates/conditions. Spreadsheet representation of consensus peak-set across samples without gene annotation columns: 
					- \*.boolean.txt. Same as file above but without annotation columns. UpSetR files to illustrate peak intersection: 
					- \*.boolean.intersect.plot.pdf and 
					- \*.boolean.intersect.txt.
					- <ANTIBODY>/deseq2/ 
						- .featureCounts.txt file for read counts across all samples relative to consensus peak-set. Differential binding 
						- \*.results.txt spreadsheet containing results across all consensus peaks and all comparisons. 
						- \*.plots.pdf file for PCA and hierarchical clustering. 
						- \*.log file with information for number of differentially bound intervals at different FDR and fold-change thresholds for each comparison. 
						- \*.dds.rld.RData file containing R dds and rld objects generated by DESeq2. R\_sessionInfo.log file containing information about R, the OS and attached or loaded packages.
					- <ANTIBODY>/<COMPARISON>/ 
						- \*.results.txt spreadsheet containing comparison-specific DESeq2 output for differential binding results across all peaks. Subset of above file for peaks that pass FDR <= 0.01 (\*FDR0.01.results.txt) and FDR <= 0.05 (\*FDR0.05.results.txt). BED files for peaks that pass FDR <= 0.01 (\*FDR0.01.results.bed) and FDR <= 0.05 (\*FDR0.05.results.bed). MA, Volcano, clustering and scatterplots at FDR <= 0.01 and FDR <= 0.05: 
						- \*deseq2.plots.pdf.
					- <ANTIBODY>/sizeFactors/ Files containing DESeq2 sizeFactors per sample: 
						- \*.txt and 
						- \*.RData. 
			- phantompeakqualtools Output files: 
				- \*.spp.out, 
				- \*.spp.pdf. MultiQC custom content files: 
				- \*\_spp\_correlation\_mqc.tsv, 
				- \*\_spp\_nsc\_mqc.tsv, 
				- \*\_spp\_rsc\_mqc.tsv.
			- deepTools
				- plotFingerprint Output files: 
					- \*.plotFingerprint.pdf, 
					- \*.plotFingerprint.qcmetrics.txt, 
					- \*.plotFingerprint.raw.txt
				- plotProfile Output files: 
					- \*.computeMatrix.mat.gz, 
						- \*.computeMatrix.vals.mat.gz, 
						- \*.plotProfile.pdf, 
						- \*.plotProfile.tab.
		- droso\_aligned reads mapped to the reference drosophilia genome
		- recalib\_bigwig spikedIn control bigwigs
		- fastqs initial fastq files received (renamed)
		- fastqc/ FastQC \*.html files for read 1 (and read2 if paired-end) before adapter trimming.
			- zips/ FastQC \*.zip files for read 1 (and read2 if paired-end) before adapter trimming.
		- igv/<PEAK\_TYPE>/ igv\_session.xml file. igv\_files.txt file containing a listing of the files used to create the IGV session, and their allocated colours.
		- multiqc/<PEAK\_TYPE>/ multiqc\_report.html - a standalone HTML file that can be viewed in your web browser.
			- multiqc\_data/ - directory containing parsed statistics from the different tools used in the pipeline.
			- multiqc\_plots/ - directory containing static images from the report in various formats.
		- pipeline\_info
		- reference\_genome A number of genome-specific files are generated by the pipeline in order to aid in the filtering of the data, and because they are required by standard tools such as BEDTools. These can be found in this directory along with the genome fasta file which is required by IGV.
		- trim\_galore/ FastQ files after adapter trimming will be placed in this directory.
			- logs/ \*.log files generated by Trim Galore!.
			- fastqc/ FastQC \*.html files for read 1 (and read2 if paired-end) after adapter trimming.
				- /zips/ FastQC \*.zip files for read 1 (and read2 if paired-end) after adapter trimming.
		- pipeline\_info/ Reports generated by the pipeline - pipeline\_report.html, pipeline\_report.txt and software\_versions.csv. Reports generated by Nextflow - execution\_report.html, execution\_timeline.html, execution\_trace.txt and pipeline\_dag.svg. Reformatted design files used as input to the pipeline - design\_reads.csv and design\_controls.csv.
		- Documentation/ Documentation for interpretation of results in HTML format - results\_description.html.
	- IRF2BP2\_degraded\_rep2
		- \*\*
	- IRF2BP2\_degraded\_hist
		- \*\*
